RHDEVDOCS-6592: Prepare GA docs for Buildspack Strategy (Builds for OpenShift) (#98931)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-about-buildpacks.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// * about/build-strategies.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="about-buildpacks.adoc_{context}"]
= Buildpacks

The `buildpacks` cluster build strategy uses Buildpacks to build and push a container image based on the source code, without using a `Dockerfile`. The configuration details are provided through parameters in the `Build` resource.

> The `buildpacks` cluster build strategy also supports the extender mode, called `buildpacks-extender`. It allows you to modify the builder or run the image using a `Dockerfile`. This is useful while installing system dependencies or applying security configurations that the standard Buildpacks cannot apply. The `Dockerfile` is provided by a Buildpack that supports extensions. To use the extender, set the `cnb-extender-kind` parameter in the `Build` resource.

Author: fixed

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// * about/build-strategies.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="about-buildpacks.adoc_{context}"]
= Buildpacks

The `buildpacks` cluster build strategy uses Buildpacks to build and push a container image based on the source code, without using a `Dockerfile`. The configuration details are provided through parameters in the `Build` resource.

> The `buildpacks` cluster build strategy supports the extender mode, called `buildpacks-extender`. It supports the extender mode in addition to all the features offered by the `buildpacks` strategy. It allows you to modify the builder or run the image using a `Dockerfile`. This is useful while installing system dependencies or applying security configurations that the standard Buildpacks cannot apply. The `Dockerfile` is provided by a Buildpack that supports extensions. To use the extender, set the `cnb-extender-kind` parameter in the `Build` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `buildpacks-extender` cluster build strategy provides support for image extension feature of CNB buildpacks in addition to everything that the `buildpacks` strategy offers. It allows you to modify the builder or run the image using a `Dockerfile`. This is useful while installing system dependencies or applying security configurations that the standard Buildpacks cannot apply. The `Dockerfile` is provided by a Buildpack that supports extensions. To use the extender, set the `cnb-extender-kind` parameter in the `Build` resource.
```

.Configuration parameters for `buildpacks`
[options="header"]
|===

| Name | Type | Description | Default

| `cnb-platform-api` | string | Supported Platform API Version | "0.12"

| `cnb-builder-image` | string | Builder image containing the buildpacks | ""

| `cnb-lifecycle-image` | string | Image to use while executing Lifecycle phases | "buildpacksio/lifecycle:0.20.8"

| `cnb-log-level` | string | Logging levels| "debug"]

| `run-image` | string | Reference to a run image to use | ""

| `cache-image` | string | Name of the persistent app cache image | ""

| `source-subpath` | string | Subpath within the source input where the source to build is located | ""

| `env-vars` | array | Environment variables to set during build-time | []

| `platform-dir` | string | Name of the platform directory | "empty-dir"

| `user-id` | string | User ID of the builder image user | "1001"

| `group-id` | string | Group ID of the builder image user | "1001"

| `user-home` | string | Absolute path to the user's home directory | "/tekton/home"

| `cache-pvc-name` | string | Name of the Persistent Volume Claim for cache | "ws-pvc"

> | `cnb-extender-kind` | string | The kind of image to extend ('build' or 'run')	"build" | ""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `cnb-extender-kind` | string | The kind of image to extend (`build` or `run`)	"build" | ""
```

Author: fixed
